I'm standing in the middle of alun
neighborhood it was one of the most
densely populated areas in Gaza City it
was invaded by the Israeli forces on two
occasions during this war before the
land offensive the area was carpet
bombed for days killing and injuring
hundreds today dozens of dead bodies
remain buried under these ruins and
dozens more are still lying on roads
there's massive destruction large- scale
Devastation as the pictures show houses
leveled buildings burnt down an
infrastructure
destroyed destruction on a massive scale
Beyond any description our homes were
destroyed this is all that is left of my
property this
th the last time I called my family was
5 days ago they told me the situation
was dangerous I asked them to leave they
told me snipers and drones were all
around and they couldn't leave I do not
know where they are killed or buried
underneath debris I appeal to the Red
Cross the whole world to help us remove
this Rubble to find where our families
are columns of smoke are still seen
rising from buildings which were set on
fire by the Israeli forces they've
destroyed every aspect of life in the
Gaza Strip even depriving people of the
possibility of returning to their
homes
my family and I were at the home and all
of a sudden we were showered with
missiles and chelling it went dark and
we were deafened we kept calling out to
one another our neighbors too started
shouting three of their sons were killed
and one of them had his head blown off
his
body these are some of the dead bodies
recently recovered from under the ruins
in the neighborhood most of them are
women and children killed inside their
homes as the Israeli missiles and shells
fell on their heads
residents and civilian defense teams
hand in hand are hoping to find any
survivors under this multi-story
building we are doing our best to
recover dead bodies and hoping we can
find any survivors we found some trapped
underneath Rubble they've been there for
10 days without food or water by the
grace of God they're still alive there's
large scale Devastation carpet bombing
followed by a land Invasion there has
been the intentional destruction of
homes infrastructure and every aspect of
life the Gaza
[Music]
Strip make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer